Question 1:
What is Git?
A version control system.    Your answer  

Question 2:
Git is the same as GitHub.
False    Your answer  

Question 3:
What is the command to get the installed version of Git?
git --version    Your answer  

Question 4:
Which option should you use to set the default user name for every repository on your computer?
--global    Your answer  

Question 5:
What is the command to set the user email for the current repository?
git config user.email    Your answer  

Question 6:
What is the command to add all files and changes of the current folder to the staging environment of the Git repository?
git add --all    Your answer  

Question 7:
What is the command to get the current status of the Git repository?
git status    Your answer  

Question 8:
What is the command to initialize Git on the current repository?
git init    Your answer  

Question 9:
Git automatically adds new files to the repository and starts tracking them.
False    Your answer  

Question 10:
Git commit history is automatically deleted:
Commit history is never automatically deleted.    Your answer  

Question 11:
What is the command to commit the staged changes for the Git repository?
git commit    Your answer  

Question 12:
What is the command to commit with the message "New email":
git commit -m "New email"    Your answer  

Question 13:
What is the command to view the history of commits for the repository?
git log    Your answer  

Question 14:
What is the command to see the available options for the commit command?
git commit -help    Your answer  

Question 15:
In Git, a branch is:
A separate version of the main repository.    Your answer  

Question 16:
What is the command to create a new branch named "new-email"?
git branch new-email    Your answer  

Question 17:
What is the command to move to the branch named "new-email"?
git checkout new-email    Your answer  

Question 18:
What is the option, when moving to a branch, to create the branch it if it does not exist?
-b    Your answer  

Question 19:
What is the command to merge the current branch with the branch "new-email"?
git merge new-email    Your answer  

Question 20:
What is the command to delete the branch "new-email"
git branch -d new-email    Your answer  

Question 21:
What is the command to add the remote repository "https://abc.xyz/d/e.git" as "origin"?
git remote add origin https://abc.xyz/d/e.git    Your answer  

Question 22:
What is the command to push the current repository to the remote origin?
git push origin    Your answer  

Question 23:
What is the command to get all the change history of the remote repository "origin"?
git fetch origin    Your answer  

Question 24:
What is the command to show the differences between the current branch and the branch "new-email"?
git diff new-email    Your answer  

Question 25:
Git Pull is a combination of:
fetch and merge    Your answer  

